- `Title`: Pharmacy staffing (pharm_staffing)
- `Abstract`: This contains the staffing data for each pharmacy for which staffing levels were collected via survey by a unique pharmacy ID. We attempted to survey all pharmacies in VT for staffing.
- `Spatial Coverage`: Vermont and ten miles within in Vermont state border, encompassing parts of New York, Massachusetts, and New Hampshire. Canada was excluded.
- `Temporal Coverage`: Data was collected over the course of a couple of months, but it theoretically represents a an average or typical week in the fall or early winter of 2023.
- `Temporal Resolution`: The temporal resolution of service is hours while the temporal resolution of staffing levels is a typical work week. 
- `Lineage`: Initial pharmacy list of 127 pharmacies was downloaded from the Vermont Office of Professional Regulation (https://secure.professionals.vermont.gov/prweb/PRServletCustom?UserIdentifier=LicenseLookupGuestUser) and modified to exclude no longer active pharmacies and non-retail pharmacies. 10 pharmacies on the list were removed, totaling 117 VT pharmacies.  The pharmacy locations were checked against Google Maps and a national pharmacy dataset from the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to ensure all pharmacies in the state were included. Pharmacy locations outside of Vermont but within study area were included through querying pharmacies from OSM in QGIS, Google Maps searches, and the DHS pharmacy dataset. Pharmacies that had been closed were omitted from the data. Data on hours of operations and staffing were sourced through surveys and manually inputted by the authors. Staffing data was collected for 87% of pharmacies in VT, which was used to interpolate staffing for out-of-state pharmacies. This protocol was approved by the Middlebury College Institutional Review Board (#264). 
- `Distribution`: The majority of this dataset will be made public and downloadable on a GitHub repository. The staffing data will not be made public due to the proprietary nature of this information; however, the staffing data may be available upon request. 
- `Constraints`: We have agreed not to publicly release staffing levels of the pharmacy locations due to the proprietary nature of this data for some of the larger pharmacy chains.
- `Data Quality`: The staffing levels were reported directly from pharmacy staff at each individual pharmacy location or regional headquarters. Therefore, the quality is unknown but is presumed to be high.
- `Variables`:

| Label | Alias | Definition | Type | Accuracy | Domain | Missing Data Value(s) | Missing Data Frequency |
| :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: | :--: |
| pharmid | Pharmacy ID | A unique identifier given to each pharm. in study area | text | NA | VT, NY, MA, NH 1 - 117 | NA | NA |
| week_pharm | Weekday pharmacists | Typical # pharmacists on weekday | integer | ... | 0 - 10 | NULL | Could not collect data for 15/117 pharmacies in VT. No staffing data collected for out of state pharmacies. |
| week_tech | Weekday techs | Typical # techs on weekday | integer | ... | 0 - 10 | NULL | Could not collect data for 15/117 pharmacies in VT. No staffing data collected for out of state pharmacies. |
| sat_pharm | Saturday pharmacists | Typical # pharmacists on Sat | integer | ... | 0 - 10 | NULL | Could not collect data for 15/117 pharmacies in VT. No staffing data collected for out of state pharmacies. |
| sat_tech | Saturday techs | Typical # techs on Sat | integer | ... | 0 - 10 | NULL | Could not collect data for 15/117 pharmacies in VT. No staffing data collected for out of state pharmacies. |
| sun_pharm | Sunday pharmacists | Typical # pharmacists on Sun | integer | ... | 0 - 10| NULL | Could not collect data for 15/ 117 pharmacies in VT. No staffing data collected for out of state pharmacies. |
| sun_tech | Sunday techs | Typical # techs on Sun | integer | ... | 0 - 10| NULL | Could not collect data for 15/ 117 pharmacies in VT. No staffing data collected for out of state pharmacies. |
